README.md, before:

# klebnz

- giant kelp machine learning approach. 
-  to normalize the temperature variation, implemented a distance calculation as Depth * Temperature / Temperature - Depth.

a a three way classification approach. 

```
cargo build

```

```
_      _          _       _   _   _____
| | __ | |   ___  | |__   | \ | | |__  /
| |/ / | |  / _ \ | '_ \  |  \| |   / / 
|   <  | | |  __/ | |_) | | |\  |  / /_ 
|_|\_\ |_|  \___| |_.__/  |_| \_| /____|
                                       

Machine learning classifier for Kleb
     ************************************************
     Gaurav Sablok,
     Email: codeprog@icloud.com
    ************************************************

Usage: klebnz <COMMAND>

Commands:
klebseq  estimation sheet
help     Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
-h, --help     Print help
-V, --version  Print version

```

```
_      _          _       _   _   _____
| | __ | |   ___  | |__   | \ | | |__  /
| |/ / | |  / _ \ | '_ \  |  \| |   / / 
|   <  | | |  __/ | |_) | | |\  |  / /_ 
|_|\_\ |_|  \___| |_.__/  |_| \_| /____|
                                       

estimation sheet

Usage: klebnz klebseq <FILEPATH> <PREDICTFILE> <THREAD>

Arguments:
<FILEPATH>     path to the file
<PREDICTFILE>  predict to be made
<THREAD>       threads for the analysis

Options:
-h, --help  Print help

```

Gaurav Sablok \
codeprog@icloud.com

Commit message:

rustcodepro
final release and added a random forest classifier and a entire knn classifer

Final build release.

README.md, after:

# klebnz

- giant kelp machine learning approach. 
-  to normalize the temperature variation, implemented a distance calculation as Depth * Temperature / Temperature - Depth.
- it implements the logistic and decision classifier, a grid search random forest classifier and a knn classifier. 

```
cargo build

```

```
_      _          _       _   _   _____
| | __ | |   ___  | |__   | \ | | |__  /
| |/ / | |  / _ \ | '_ \  |  \| |   / / 
|   <  | | |  __/ | |_) | | |\  |  / /_ 
|_|\_\ |_|  \___| |_.__/  |_| \_| /____|
                                       

Machine learning classifier for Kleb
     ************************************************
     Gaurav Sablok,
     Email: codeprog@icloud.com
    ************************************************

Usage: klebnz <COMMAND>

Commands:
klebseq       classify according to the logistic and decision classifier
random-seq    classify according to the Random forest
knn-classify  classify according to the KNN classifier
help          Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
-h, --help     Print help
-V, --version  Print version

```

Gaurav Sablok \
codeprog@icloud.com
